He's a scrappy Jewish senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a benighted zombie inventor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an oversexed bohemian cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed vagrant with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a scrappy sweet-toothed senator with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's an old-fashioned native American paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed Catholic sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding matador with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a gun-slinging Jewish hairdresser in drag.
He's a shy native American cowboy trapped in a world he never made.
He's a maverick pirate Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a lonely dishevelled gangster with a passion for fast cars.
He's an old-fashioned sweet-toothed gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a war-weary day-dreaming grifter whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted farmboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an immortal overambitious sorceror with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a gun-slinging guerilla cat burglar trapped in a world he never made.
He's an oversexed bohemian werewolf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a lounge-singing Jewish gentleman spy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an ungodly amnesiac messiah who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a jaded drug-addicted grifter haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a bookish devious master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a superhumanly strong guitar-strumming Green Beret trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled senator with acid for blood.
He's a gun-slinging overambitious shaman whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a scarfaced guitar-strumming grifter with acid for blood.
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted hairdresser for the 21st century.
He's a maverick devious filmmaker on the wrong side of the law.
He's a scrappy misogynist matador with a passion for fast cars.
He's an immortal Jewish photographer on his last day in the job.
He's an impetuous devious shaman from a doomed world.
He's an immortal crooked master criminal on a mission from God.
He's a leather-clad amnesiac cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a suave Republican cowboy looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked messiah 
He's a short-sighted amnesiac firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a deeply religious Jewish dwarf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a superhumanly strong zombie rock star on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a war-weary neurotic jungle king on a mission from God.
He's an uncontrollable playboy househusband gone bad.
He's a maverick gay Green Beret in a wheelchair.
He's a one-legged arachnophobic ex-con from the 'hood.
He's an uncontrollable pirate master criminal in drag.
He's a superhumanly strong shark-wrestling master criminal in drag.
He's an all-American devious romance novelist from the 'hood.
He's a leather-clad guerilla barbarian with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an underprivileged misogynist werewolf on a mission from God.
He's a maverick small-town vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a globe-trotting dishevelled ex-con on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal ninja master criminal moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a maverick crooked ex-con possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's an impetuous arachnophobic househusband who believes he can never love again
He's a fast talking flyboy master criminal on the edge
He's an underprivileged playboy grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros
He's a bookish crooked hairdresser from the 'hood
He's an immortal Catholic farmboy with a secret
He's a one-legged bohemian househusband on the edge
He's an old-fashioned Republican senator from the Mississippi delta
He's a genetically engineered amnesiac hairdresser in drag
He's an all-American hunchbacked ex-con on a mission from God
He's a globe-trotting Republican vampire hunter with nothing left to lose
He's a fast talking playboy master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a gun-slinging native American filmmaker with acid for blood
He's a short-sighted albino gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a deeply religious amnesiac boxer who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a superhumanly strong skateboarding rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an otherworldly ninja firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a maverick guerilla cat burglar on a search for his missing sister
He's a fiendish Jewish Green Beret on a mission from God
He's a fast talking Jewish stage actor with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted guitar-strumming sorceror on the edge
He's a shy moralistic dog-catcher who believes he can never love again
He's a globe-trotting bohemian Green Beret from the Mississippi delta
He's a notorious flyboy cyborg who believes he can never love again
He's a suicidal guitar-strumming waffle chef haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a world-famous Catholic vampire hunter who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a scrappy devious vampire hunter haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a scarfaced pirate paranormal investigator from a doomed world
He's a deeply religious Jewish cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a plucky red-headed single mother married to the Mob
He's an underprivileged amnesiac cyborg from the 'hood
He's a lonely flyboy boxer looking for 'the Big One
He's a globe-trotting Amish househusband haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's an orphaned nymphomaniac schoolgirl trying to make a difference in a man's world
He's an unconventional sweet-toothed photographer with no name
He's a globe-trotting neurotic gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a globe-trotting one-eyed filmmaker looking for 'the Big One
He's a sword-wielding white trash rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's an otherworldly umbrella-wielding assassin on the edge
He's a fiendish overambitious stage actor who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars
He's a short-sighted pirate waffle chef with a secret
He's an obese amnesiac househusband for the 21st century
He's a fast talking alcoholic romance novelist with acid for blood
He's a shy small-town dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a jaded zombie waffle chef with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a lounge-singing amnesiac barbarian from a doomed world
He's a globe-trotting guitar-strumming paramedic who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a one-legged Amish barbarian haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a supernatural renegade cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
He's a witless neurotic card sharp in drag
He's a fast talking alcoholic waffle chef with acid for blood
He's a genetically engineered guitar-strumming cop with nothing left to lose.
He's an unconventional guerilla astronaut on his last day in the job.
He's a superhumanly strong devious ex-con who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a lonely hunchbacked rock star from the 'hood.
He's a notorious Amish paranormal investigator from the 'hood.
He's a gun-slinging albino waffle chef on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a deeply religious devious rock star from the Mississippi delta.
He's a world-famous dishevelled cowboy fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a suicidal Amish grifter in a wheelchair.
He's an uncontrollable white trash gentleman spy from a doomed world.
He's an uncontrollable Jewish paramedic who believes he can never love again.
He's a globe-trotting white trash card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a benighted soccer-playing gangster who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a time-tossed pirate hairdresser searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an impetuous neurotic vagrant for the 21st century.
He's an obese albino shaman plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an obese playboy romance novelist 
He's a witless day-dreaming jungle king in a wheelchair.
He's an immortal zombie dog-catcher in a wheelchair.
He's a lounge-singing zombie romance novelist in a wheelchair.
He's an impetuous flyboy senator who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a notorious small-town romance novelist haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an all-American Republican werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a world-famous vegetarian barbarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guerilla cowboy who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a sword-wielding one-eyed inventor who believes he can never love again.
He's an impetuous day-dreaming ex-con with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed inventor on a search for his missing sister.
He's an unconventional ninja paranormal investigator trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scrappy day-dreaming farmboy on the wrong side of the law.
He's a suicidal Jewish paranormal investigator from the 'hood.
He's a war-weary small-town photographer haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a notorious playboy stage actor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a deeply religious misogynist astronaut from the Mississippi delta.
He's a superhumanly strong vegetarian vagrant from the 'hood.
He's an old-fashioned ninja dwarf with acid for blood.
He's a bookish one-eyed photographer from the 'hood.
He's a fast talking hunchbacked waffle chef who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a bookish hunchbacked cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled Jewish senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an uncontrollable ninja master criminal with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a jaded Amish cowboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a lounge-singing flyboy astronaut on his last day in the job.
He's a war-weary neurotic matador haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding senator in drag.
He's an otherworldly one-eyed waffle chef with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a benighted Catholic grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an all-American hunchbacked firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a short-sighted hunchbacked Green Beret who believes he can never love again.
He's a suicidal voodoo cowboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a superhumanly strong devious photographer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a fiendish pirate stage actor with a passion for fast cars
He's an old-fashioned vegetarian jungle king plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's an immortal gay hairdresser haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a benighted chivalrous househusband from the 'hood
He's a time-tossed chivalrous messiah on a search for his missing sister
He's a benighted alcoholic boxer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's an all-American soccer-playing master criminal trapped in a world he never made
He's an obese Catholic barbarian with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted sweet-toothed gangster searching for his wife's true killer
He's a maverick gay hairdresser fleeing from a secret government programme
He's a Nobel prize-winning chivalrous photographer in drag
He's a Nobel prize-winning playboy assassin with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a genetically engineered moralistic rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a leather-clad sweet-toothed master criminal on the edge
He's an oversexed small-town vagrant with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a witless neurotic cop on a mission from God
He's a hate-fuelled white trash cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an oversexed chivalrous firefighter on a mission from God
He's a deeply religious alcoholic gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a globe-trotting albino firefighter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an ungodly devious sorceror with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted flyboy werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a witless bohemian jungle king with acid for blood
He's a suicidal Catholic sorceror on a search for his missing sister
He's a scrappy drug-addicted paramedic who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a maverick shark-wrestling paramedic with a passion for fast cars
He's a hate-fuelled Catholic gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a maverick neurotic hairdresser possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's an oversexed crooked Green Beret gone bad
He's a one-legged crooked dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme
He's an obese amnesiac boxer on the wrong side of the law
He's a witless one-eyed master criminal on the edge
He's a jaded shark-wrestling rock star from the Mississippi delta
He's an oversexed arachnophobic dwarf on the run
He's a witless small-town werewolf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's an ungodly voodoo senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a globe-trotting alcoholic shaman for the 21st century
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted messiah on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's an oversexed moralistic shaman on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a fast talking guerilla master criminal in a wheelchair
He's a one-legged zombie gangster with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a time-tossed arachnophobic librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a maverick guerilla farmboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an ungodly zombie werewolf who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a suave Republican messiah who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a leather-clad ninja cop on a search for his missing sister
He's an uncontrollable ninja barbarian with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an oversexed drug-addicted master criminal who must take medication to keep him sane
1:He's an otherworldly drug-addicted boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
2:He's a genetically engineered alcoholic barbarian with acid for blood. 
3:He's a genetically engineered crooked waffle chef trapped in a world he never made. 
4:He's a maverick one-eyed stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
5:He's a scarfaced sweet-toothed card sharp with acid for blood. 
6:He's an otherworldly sweet-toothed ex-con from a doomed world. 
7:He's a gun-slinging guerilla shaman on a mission from God. 
8:He's an uncontrollable flyboy assassin with no name. 
9:He's a deeply religious umbrella-wielding firefighter who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
10:He's a deeply religious Republican filmmaker looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
11:He's an immortal day-dreaming Green Beret haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
12:He's an obese gay cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
13:He's a lonely voodoo shaman for the 21st century. 
14:He's a fiendish Jewish senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
15:He's an all-American small-town vampire hunter on the wrong side of the law. 
16:He's an underprivileged umbrella-wielding astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
17:He's a world-famous zombie photographer on the run. 
18:He's a one-legged gay farmboy with no name. 
19:He's an unconventional voodoo romance novelist with no name. 
20:He's an oversexed Jewish vampire hunter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
21:He's a leather-clad playboy stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
22:He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic hairdresser with a secret. 
23:He's a shy Catholic grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
24:He's a short-sighted zombie firefighter fleeing from a secret government programme. 
25:He's a maverick pirate dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
26:He's an all-American gay ex-con from the Mississippi delta. 
27:He's an uncontrollable arachnophobic astronaut for the 21st century. 
28:He's a benighted albino paranormal investigator from the 'hood. 
29:He's a fast talking Amish dwarf fleeing from a secret government programme. 
30:He's a one-legged Republican stage actor with a secret. 
31:He's an oversexed hunchbacked barbarian in a wheelchair. 
32:He's an all-American hunchbacked cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
33:He's an obese shark-wrestling paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.' 
34:He's a deeply religious small-town paranormal investigator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
35:He's a superhumanly strong vegetarian card sharp with a secret. 
36:He's an uncontrollable alcoholic sorceror whom everyone believes is mad. 
37:He's a fiendish Amish vagrant  
38:He's an all-American playboy ex-con on a mission from God. 
39:He's a deeply religious small-town senator in a wheelchair. 
40:He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed stage actor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
41:He's an oversexed amnesiac assassin with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
42:He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted messiah looking for 'the Big One.' 
43:He's an obese ninja matador searching for his wife's true killer. 
44:He's a jaded Republican sorceror in drag. 
45:He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling barbarian haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
46:He's a time-tossed moralistic rock star with a secret. 
47:He's a lonely crooked librarian with nothing left to lose. 
48:He's an unconventional bohemian paramedic on a search for his missing sister. 
49:He's a scarfaced native American hairdresser living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
50:He's an oversexed small-town cyborg moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
1:He's a lonely devious waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. 
2:He's a fast talking vegetarian vampire hunter who dotes on his loving old ma. 
3:He's an unconventional drug-addicted cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
4:He's an unconventional hunchbacked cop on the edge. 
5:He's an ungodly vegetarian shaman gone bad. 
6:He's a sword-wielding white trash inventor in drag. 
7:He's a one-legged moralistic cowboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
8:He's a gun-slinging pirate dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
9:He's an otherworldly drug-addicted messiah whom everyone believes is mad. 
10:He's a world-famous playboy farmboy who dotes on his loving old ma. 
11:He's a short-sighted gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer. 
12:He's a suave gay vagrant possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
13:He's a jaded sweet-toothed cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
14:He's a shy alcoholic cyborg from the Mississippi delta. 
15:He's a lonely amnesiac househusband gone bad. 
16:He's an impetuous crooked waffle chef plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
17:He's a maverick crooked matador who must take medication to keep him sane. 
18:He's a bookish sweet-toothed photographer with no name. 
19:He's a lonely vegetarian messiah on the edge. 
20:He's a short-sighted crooked master criminal haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
21:He's a short-sighted dishevelled gentleman spy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
22:He's a witless one-eyed librarian gone bad. 
23:He's an otherworldly vegetarian cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
24:He's a globe-trotting Jewish gentleman spy with no name. 
25:He's an otherworldly day-dreaming waffle chef from a doomed world. 
26:He's a genetically engineered pirate inventor for the 21st century. 
27:He's a jaded Republican grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
28:He's a time-tossed arachnophobic hairdresser in drag. 
29:He's a deeply religious arachnophobic astronaut with acid for blood. 
30:He's a witless flyboy astronaut looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
31:He's an underprivileged overambitious romance novelist who dotes on his loving old ma. 
32:He's an oversexed Catholic Green Beret on his last day in the job. 
33:He's a gun-slinging one-eyed card sharp whom everyone believes is mad. 
34:He's an oversexed moralistic card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
35:He's a war-weary skateboarding dwarf  
36:He's a sword-wielding Republican card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
37:He's a witless coffee-fuelled boxer who believes he can never love again. 
38:He's a leather-clad Catholic boxer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
39:He's a genetically engineered Amish librarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
40:He's an obese sweet-toothed rock star with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
41:He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled gentleman spy for the 21st century. 
42:He's a fiendish neurotic filmmaker searching for his wife's true killer. 
43:He's a deeply religious one-eyed cyborg living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
44:He's a benighted flyboy grifter on a search for his missing sister. 
45:He's an obese one-eyed paranormal investigator who must take medication to keep him sane. 
46:He's a suicidal sweet-toothed househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
47:He's a world-famous vegetarian filmmaker who dotes on his loving old ma. 
48:He's a fast talking neurotic firefighter on his last day in the job. 
49:He's a war-weary soccer-playing shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
50:He's a leather-clad zombie househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
1:He's a short-sighted day-dreaming photographer for the 21st century. 
2:He's a jaded gay cat burglar from the Mississippi delta. 
3:He's a short-sighted ninja jungle king on a search for his missing sister. 
4:He's an otherworldly albino gangster who must take medication to keep him sane. 
5:He's a lounge-singing skateboarding boxer fleeing from a secret government programme. 
6:He's a Nobel prize-winning arachnophobic gangster in a wheelchair. 
7:He's an impetuous misogynist card sharp on the run. 
8:He's a jaded hunchbacked assassin from the Mississippi delta. 
9:He's a hate-fuelled voodoo paramedic in drag. 
10:He's a gun-slinging pirate photographer from a doomed world. 
11:He's a bookish neurotic matador on the run. 
12:He's an ungodly day-dreaming ex-con from the 'hood. 
13:He's an unconventional drug-addicted messiah who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
14:He's a leather-clad native American waffle chef with a passion for fast cars. 
15:He's a jaded chivalrous vampire hunter gone bad. 
16:He's a lounge-singing flyboy cowboy on a mission from God. 
17:He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding firefighter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
18:He's an immortal sweet-toothed photographer with a secret. 
19:He's a war-weary flyboy ex-con whom everyone believes is mad. 
20:He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed rock star looking for 'the Big One.' 
21:He's an immortal coffee-fuelled Green Beret with a secret. 
22:He's a short-sighted guerilla vampire hunter from the Mississippi delta. 
23:He's an unconventional sweet-toothed paranormal investigator plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
24:He's a bookish white trash stage actor whom everyone believes is mad. 
25:He's a bookish small-town househusband with a passion for fast cars. 
26:He's a shy white trash Green Beret plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
27:He's an obese zombie shaman with nothing left to lose. 
28:He's a short-sighted zombie shaman for the 21st century. 
29:He's an ungodly sweet-toothed househusband possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
30:He's a fiendish one-eyed photographer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
31:He's an otherworldly devious househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
32:He's a leather-clad dishevelled paramedic with a secret. 
33:He's a shy playboy vampire hunter from a doomed world. 
34:He's a deeply religious bohemian stage actor who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
35:He's a time-tossed devious astronaut on the run. 
36:He's a gun-slinging flyboy firefighter on a search for his missing sister. 
37:He's an old-fashioned moralistic assassin from the Mississippi delta. 
38:He's an obese Republican farmboy with acid for blood. 
39:He's an uncontrollable dishevelled cowboy looking for 'the Big One.' 
40:He's a leather-clad day-dreaming Green Beret living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
41:He's an unconventional moralistic vagrant with no name. 
42:He's a witless Republican shaman on his last day in the job. 
43:He's a shy alcoholic gangster moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
44:He's an ungodly guitar-strumming barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
45:He's a short-sighted ninja werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
46:He's a time-tossed guerilla vampire hunter with no name. 
47:He's a war-weary Catholic cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
48:He's an obese ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
49:He's a Nobel prize-winning Republican senator haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
50:He's a benighted native American paranormal investigator with a secret. 
He's a scarfaced soccer-playing card sharp from a doomed world.
He's an immortal native American messiah with a secret.
He's a one-legged small-town waffle chef on a search for his missing sister.
He's a globe-trotting misogynist sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a globe-trotting voodoo filmmaker in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly small-town master criminal plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a shy amnesiac card sharp on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal Jewish dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a witless neurotic messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed overambitious househusband 
He's a hate-fuelled devious romance novelist 
He's a globe-trotting flyboy vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's a fast talking guerilla stage actor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a maverick drug-addicted Green Beret who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed albino romance novelist on the wrong side of the law.
He's a Nobel prize-winning white trash cop in a wheelchair.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed cop from the 'hood.
He's a world-famous day-dreaming gangster living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding cyborg in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly pirate senator gone bad.
He's an obese hunchbacked cop with a secret.
He's a short-sighted crooked librarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's a short-sighted small-town shaman possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an ungodly guitar-strumming librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a scarfaced Republican senator who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a scarfaced overambitious boxer with a passion for fast cars.
He's a time-tossed day-dreaming paranormal investigator looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an ungodly voodoo assassin on a mission from God.
He's a maverick devious shaman whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a suicidal shark-wrestling vampire hunter with nothing left to lose.
He's a Nobel prize-winning vegetarian jungle king on the run.
He's an immortal soccer-playing sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a shy bohemian senator searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming photographer from the Mississippi delta.
He's a maverick dishevelled astronaut gone bad.
He's a shy alcoholic librarian from the 'hood.
He's a short-sighted misogynist cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a fiendish neurotic assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a lonely devious astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
He's an uncontrollable Republican dog-catcher trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced ninja gentleman spy whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic paramedic plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a notorious ninja assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a jaded overambitious assassin who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an underprivileged skateboarding werewolf 
He's an otherworldly small-town dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a short-sighted guerilla vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a war-weary crooked card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an unconventional devious librarian trapped in a world he never made.
He's a fast talking overambitious astronaut haunted by an iconic dead American confidante.
He's an immortal devious hairdresser on a search for his missing sister.
He's a one-legged devious paranormal investigator plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a hate-fuelled small-town farmboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a suave Amish barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed gay stage actor in drag.
He's an old-fashioned Amish firefighter from the 'hood.
He's a jaded drug-addicted dog-catcher in drag.
He's a lounge-singing ninja farmboy.
He's a benighted drug-addicted messiah plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a scarfaced hunchbacked shaman in a wheelchair.
He's a suicidal coffee-fuelled assassin from the Mississippi delta.
He's a gun-slinging playboy messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an immortal flyboy grifter who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a bookish amnesiac matador on a mission from God.
He's a fast talking chivalrous dwarf trapped in a world he never made.
He's an all-American ninja hairdresser moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an otherworldly coffee-fuelled card sharp who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted matador with a passion for fast cars.
He's a fast talking dishevelled paramedic searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a benighted amnesiac werewolf with a passion for fast cars.
He's a gun-slinging alcoholic grifter with no name.
He's a superhumanly strong pirate assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a world-famous misogynist paramedic with acid for blood.
He's a scrappy skateboarding werewolf haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an underprivileged Jewish paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an immortal native American librarian with nothing left to lose.
He's an all-American amnesiac firefighter with nothing left to lose.
He's an obese Catholic farmboy with a secret.
He's a jaded albino firefighter on a search for his missing sister.
He's an underprivileged chivalrous Green Beret in drag.
He's a gun-slinging ninja filmmaker.
He's a fiendish voodoo rock star from a doomed world.
He's a war-weary hunchbacked messiah in drag.
He's a fiendish flyboy cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's an uncontrollable coffee-fuelled barbarian on his last day in the job.
He's an all-American overambitious grifter from the Mississippi delta.
He's a short-sighted Republican photographer whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a scarfaced small-town paramedic in a wheelchair.
He's a Nobel prize-winning overambitious househusband with no name.
He's an underprivileged albino ex-con who believes he can never love again.
He's an old-fashioned chivalrous romance novelist with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a scrappy Jewish master criminal fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding farmboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a superhumanly strong dishevelled jungle king in drag.
He's a globe-trotting guitar-strumming werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an impetuous gay dog-catcher searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an unconventional Republican dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an otherworldly hunchbacked astronaut from a doomed world.
He's an otherworldly albino gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd.He's a one-legged playboy card sharp with nothing left to lose
He's a war-weary gay cowboy who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a leather-clad neurotic farmboy with a passion for fast cars
He's a lounge-singing amnesiac sorceror who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a hate-fuelled pirate barbarian on a mission from God
He's a genetically engineered moralistic dog-catcher plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's an unconventional moralistic filmmaker moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a lonely shark-wrestling inventor with acid for blood
He's a hate-fuelled playboy firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's a suave day-dreaming librarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a shy ninja assassin who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a fiendish hunchbacked messiah on the wrong side of the law
He's a maverick drug-addicted dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a genetically engineered alcoholic barbarian trapped in a world he never made
He's a shy umbrella-wielding househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a suave devious gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a one-legged Amish cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a bookish voodoo cowboy in a wheelchair
He's an unconventional skateboarding barbarian who believes he can never love again
He's a benighted day-dreaming gangster who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's an unconventional dishevelled cowboy in a wheelchair
He's an oversexed overambitious dog-catcher who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a scrappy small-town cop with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a genetically engineered day-dreaming messiah with acid for blood
He's a shy voodoo firefighter with no name
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling boxer on the run
He's an old-fashioned arachnophobic boxer searching for his wife's true killer
He's a sword-wielding Jewish filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a lounge-singing soccer-playing stage actor from the Mississippi delta
He's an all-American Jewish stage actor from a doomed world
He's a time-tossed Republican rock star  She's a time-travelling snooty pearl diver living homeless in New York's sewers
He's an unconventional skateboarding romance novelist on the edge
He's a lounge-singing zombie cat burglar searching for his wife's true killer
He's a genetically engineered zombie cop with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a suicidal overambitious Green Beret who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's an oversexed native American gangster on the wrong side of the law
He's a genetically engineered crooked rock star whom everyone believes is mad
He's an impetuous misogynist inventor who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a time-tossed moralistic matador searching for his wife's true killer
He's a jaded neurotic dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a lonely Amish paranormal investigator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a one-legged voodoo librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's an ungodly soccer-playing waffle chef haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's an obese small-town househusband on the wrong side of the law
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a suave one-eyed waffle chef looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a maverick soccer-playing cat burglar gone bad
He's an otherworldly coffee-fuelled romance novelist moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a gun-slinging albino filmmaker with acid for blood
He's a scarfaced umbrella-wielding senator living undercover at Ringling Bros
He's a gun-slinging dishevelled filmmaker from the 'hood
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a leather-clad dishevelled master criminal on a search for his missing sister
He's a Nobel prize-winning voodoo photographer with acid for blood
He's a fiendish misogynist werewolf who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a jaded drug-addicted grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's an underprivileged sweet-toothed farmboy who believes he can never love again
He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a gun-slinging umbrella-wielding vampire hunter searching for his wife's true killer
He's a sword-wielding drug-addicted messiah who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a globe-trotting shark-wrestling paranormal investigator from the 'hood
He's an old-fashioned hunchbacked stage actor on his last day in the job
He's a suave misogynist astronaut for the 21st century
He's an oversexed Catholic househusband who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a maverick chivalrous waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a shy arachnophobic firefighter in a wheelchair
He's a maverick albino farmboy trapped in a world he never made
He's a fiendish arachnophobic senator who dotes on his loving old ma
He's an unconventional crooked stage actor  She's an enchanted Bolivian hooker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
He's a war-weary flyboy filmmaker with a robot buddy named Sparky
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding dwarf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's an immortal zombie grifter haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a suicidal Republican card sharp searching for his wife's true killer
He's a short-sighted sweet-toothed cop moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a one-legged flyboy vampire hunter who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a benighted moralistic vagrant for the 21st century
He's an immortal albino senator haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a beautiful punk bodyguard with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
He's a lounge-singing native American librarian who must take medication to keep him sane
He's an otherworldly guitar-strumming boxer with acid for blood
He's a fiendish one-eyed barbarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a scrappy guerilla dog-catcher who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a benighted albino matador searching for his wife's true killer
He's a deeply religious soccer-playing gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a sword-wielding sweet-toothed grifter on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a leather-clad overambitious gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a suicidal devious ex-con from a doomed world
He's a suicidal arachnophobic barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a suicidal Amish jungle king trapped in a world he never made
He's a short-sighted skateboarding barbarian who believes he can never love again
He's a maverick zombie inventor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a benighted bohemian ex-con with a passion for fast cars
He's a world-famous misogynist filmmaker with no name
He's a fiendish alcoholic ex-con gone bad
He's a benighted small-town dog-catcher with nothing left to lose
He's a one-legged sweet-toothed messiah on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a leather-clad misogynist farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a hate-fuelled dishevelled master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a fast talking dishevelled romance novelist looking for 'the Big One
He's a hate-fuelled white trash sorceror on his last day in the job
He's a maverick voodoo matador from the Mississippi delta a one-legged sweet-toothed librarian with acid for blood.
 a hate-fuelled crooked hairdresser in drag.
 a one-legged shark-wrestling grifter whom everyone believes is mad.
 an immortal zombie stage actor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
 a Nobel prize-winning Republican firefighter from a doomed world.
 a scarfaced hunchbacked gangster who believes he can never love again.
 a fiendish Amish cowboy with a passion for fast cars.
 an ungodly one-eyed paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme.
 an ungodly ninja stage actor fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a suave zombie vagrant possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
 a Nobel prize-winning flyboy filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
 a maverick playboy rock star for the 21st century.
 a globe-trotting alcoholic cowboy with nothing left to lose.
 a fiendish albino cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
 a fast talking neurotic sorceror who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
 an old-fashioned misogynist werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
 a notorious alcoholic paramedic on his last day in the job.
 an underprivileged neurotic farmboy on his last day in the job.
 a deeply religious native American farmboy on the edge.
 a one-legged zombie cowboy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
 a lounge-singing one-eyed rock star trapped in a world he never made.
 an oversexed small-town astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
 a fiendish guitar-strumming card sharp fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a maverick arachnophobic househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
 a suicidal amnesiac werewolf who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
 a lonely neurotic dwarf fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a bookish native American cat burglar on a search for his missing sister.
 a fast talking white trash househusband from a doomed world.
 a lonely crooked cat burglar searching for his wife\'s true killer.
 an impetuous crooked firefighter from a doomed world.
 a Nobel prize-winning moralistic boxer trapped in a world he never made.
 a war-weary Jewish dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
 a jaded crooked inventor gone bad.
 a notorious playboy shaman on the run.
 a short-sighted voodoo card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
 a fiendish moralistic cat burglar fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a fiendish crooked dog-catcher on his last day in the job.
 an immortal pirate shaman looking for \'the Big One.\'
 a Nobel prize-winning pirate werewolf with acid for blood.
 an underprivileged one-eyed sorceror with a passion for fast cars.
 an obese chivalrous cop searching for his wife\'s true killer.
 a benighted guitar-strumming filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
 an ungodly vegetarian shaman haunted by memories of \'Nam.
 a scarfaced small-town romance novelist with a passion for fast cars.
 a leather-clad zombie ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
 a shy neurotic cowboy with a secret.
 a scarfaced native American astronaut 
 an otherworldly day-dreaming card sharp with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
 a globe-trotting coffee-fuelled farmboy from a doomed world.
 an otherworldly hunchbacked dwarf living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He\'s a benighted arachnophobic inventor in drag.
He\'s a one-legged alcoholic librarian in drag.
He\'s a hate-fuelled Amish matador in a wheelchair.
He\'s a fast talking amnesiac firefighter from a doomed world.
He\'s an uncontrollable neurotic inventor searching for his wife\'s true killer.
He\'s a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding cop who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He\'s an impetuous Amish grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He\'s a globe-trotting native American paranormal investigator on the run.
He\'s a scrappy zombie assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He\'s a leather-clad white trash card sharp haunted by memories of \'Nam.
He\'s a bookish drug-addicted card sharp searching for his wife\'s true killer.
He\'s a witless one-eyed sorceror trapped in a world he never made.
He\'s a gun-slinging zombie assassin on a search for his missing sister.
He\'s an immortal umbrella-wielding master criminal searching for his wife\'s true killer.
He\'s a hate-fuelled soccer-playing cop who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He\'s an all-American one-eyed dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He\'s a fast talking misogynist dwarf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He\'s a time-tossed drug-addicted senator whom everyone believes is mad.
He\'s a notorious native American hairdresser on the run.
He\'s a Nobel prize-winning Catholic Green Beret with no name.
He\'s a time-tossed crooked cat burglar looking for \'the Big One.\'
He\'s a superhumanly strong Jewish cyborg on his last day in the job.
He\'s a witless white trash matador who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He\'s a genetically engineered gay ex-con with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He\'s an oversexed zombie waffle chef on the wrong side of the law.
He\'s an immortal bohemian dwarf who believes he can never love again.
He\'s an unconventional sweet-toothed jungle king who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He\'s an oversexed hunchbacked sorceror who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He\'s a war-weary bohemian cat burglar with a passion for fast cars.
He\'s a time-tossed sweet-toothed master criminal who believes he can never love again.
He\'s a suicidal chivalrous dog-catcher in drag.
He\'s a short-sighted flyboy messiah on the wrong side of the law.
He\'s a short-sighted neurotic dog-catcher with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He\'s an oversexed vegetarian stage actor from a doomed world.
He\'s an obese small-town ex-con haunted by memories of \'Nam.
He\'s an ungodly skateboarding paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars.
He\'s a hate-fuelled day-dreaming photographer in a wheelchair.
He\'s an uncontrollable native American astronaut from a doomed world.
He\'s an obese chivalrous cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He\'s an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding matador looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He\'s a time-tossed ninja stage actor who believes he can never love again.
He\'s a bookish moralistic paranormal investigator on his last day in the job.
He\'s a jaded guitar-strumming inventor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He\'s an uncontrollable moralistic jungle king living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He\'s a leather-clad shark-wrestling astronaut whom everyone believes is mad.
He\'s a notorious voodoo grifter with a secret.
He\'s an uncontrollable hunchbacked grifter on his last day in the job.
He\'s an immortal dishevelled barbarian from the \'hood.
He\'s an old-fashioned amnesiac hairdresser with a passion for fast cars.
He\'s a hate-fuelled Catholic messiah plagued by the memory of his family\'s brutal murder.
He's a leather-clad gay vampire hunter on the run.
He's a bookish Republican dog-catcher searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a jaded day-dreaming farmboy who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a fast talking hunchbacked photographer for the 21st century.
He's a scrappy Catholic card sharp with no name.
He's a scrappy skateboarding vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's a suicidal vegetarian inventor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding sorceror plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a leather-clad umbrella-wielding rock star trapped in a world he never made.
He's an impetuous coffee-fuelled rock star on a mission from God.
He's a maverick vegetarian rock star from a doomed world.
He's an obese hunchbacked hairdresser with acid for blood.
He's an oversexed dishevelled vagrant for the 21st century.
He's a world-famous Jewish firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed one-eyed filmmaker with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy firefighter gone bad.
He's an unconventional amnesiac farmboy with acid for blood.
He's a notorious Jewish dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a gun-slinging neurotic vagrant who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a world-famous crooked grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an ungodly pirate cop with nothing left to lose.
He's an obese albino farmboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a lounge-singing Jewish cowboy from a doomed world.
He's a superhumanly strong moralistic stage actor on the wrong side of the law.
He's a globe-trotting Amish romance novelist from a doomed world.
He's a witless coffee-fuelled farmboy who believes he can never love again.
He's an old-fashioned amnesiac cop on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal white trash househusband on a search for his missing sister.
He's a bookish devious senator on the run.
He's an all-American zombie master criminal with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a jaded crooked filmmaker haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an uncontrollable crooked photographer on the run.
He's a scrappy drug-addicted photographer whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an immortal amnesiac vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a war-weary alcoholic inventor who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an old-fashioned shark-wrestling hairdresser who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled flyboy romance novelist possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a deeply religious crooked Green Beret looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a time-tossed moralistic dwarf with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling werewolf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an impetuous skateboarding paranormal investigator possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a shy drug-addicted filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
He's a genetically engineered guitar-strumming shaman living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an underprivileged overambitious househusband from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable sweet-toothed assassin moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a jaded guitar-strumming Green Beret from a doomed world.
He's a leather-clad soccer-playing senator who believes he can never love again.
He's an otherworldly albino dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a time-tossed misogynist stage actor with nothing left to lose.
He's a jaded playboy gangster whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a short-sighted Jewish master criminal with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a gun-slinging bohemian jungle king in drag. 
He's an otherworldly albino werewolf from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an obese alcoholic photographer who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese Republican cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a suicidal alcoholic dog-catcher who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a deeply religious shark-wrestling grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a gun-slinging misogynist master criminal whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an underprivileged skateboarding romance novelist with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an uncontrollable Catholic inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a time-tossed white trash matador haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scrappy amnesiac cyborg from a doomed world. 
He's a scarfaced white trash master criminal from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a war-weary voodoo photographer whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a one-legged arachnophobic gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a shy crooked grifter looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking Catholic paranormal investigator who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a jaded soccer-playing librarian on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a shy drug-addicted photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic vagrant with a secret. 
He's a time-tossed Jewish gangster looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking alcoholic sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a benighted crooked dwarf who believes he can never love again. 
He's a lonely Jewish hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an uncontrollable albino grifter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an all-American Jewish astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a one-legged one-eyed astronaut with nothing left to lose. 
He's an oversexed neurotic gentleman spy with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an obese gay grifter from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a leather-clad vegetarian gangster on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a fast talking white trash rock star living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled Green Beret on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a suave native American sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a time-tossed Jewish senator in drag. 
He's a witless crooked master criminal with acid for blood. 
He's a genetically engineered chivalrous barbarian living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a short-sighted playboy farmboy from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a suicidal Jewish astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic card sharp on a mission from God. 
He's a leather-clad alcoholic cyborg in a wheelchair. 
He's an uncontrollable neurotic senator who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a shy day-dreaming cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a superhumanly strong white trash astronaut on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a suave Amish hairdresser in drag. 
He's an ungodly native American househusband from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic househusband haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a war-weary zombie stage actor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a notorious Catholic card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scarfaced hunchbacked stage actor in a wheelchair. He's an underprivileged alcoholic sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the 
He's a world-famous Republican vagrant on his last day in the 
He's a leather-clad Catholic senator with a 
He's a benighted native American master criminal with a winning smile and a way with the 
He's a short-sighted amnesiac gentleman spy in 
He's a witless Jewish jungle king from the Mississippi 
He's an oversexed misogynist gentleman spy with a robot buddy named 
He's a witless umbrella-wielding jungle king on the 
He's a lounge-singing native American vampire hunter whom everyone believes is 
He's a scarfaced one-eyed vagrant on the 
He's a one-legged one-eyed cowboy with a winning smile and a way with the 
He's a Nobel prize-winning Catholic firefighter haunted by memories of '
He's an all-American neurotic librarian from the Mississippi 
He's an obese native American gentleman spy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal 
He's a gun-slinging neurotic gentleman spy who knows the secret of the alien 
He's a benighted drug-addicted waffle chef whom everyone believes is 
He's a world-famous guitar-strumming hairdresser who knows the secret of the alien 
He's a war-weary hunchbacked werewolf searching for his wife's true 
He's an unconventional vegetarian cowboy from the Mississippi 
He's a lounge-singing flyboy inventor on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical 
He's a jaded skateboarding vampire hunter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his 
He's a scarfaced Catholic master criminal from the Mississippi 
He's a war-weary amnesiac vampire hunter with a 
He's a lounge-singing gay househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical 
He's a scrappy white trash jungle king fleeing from a secret government 
He's a suave albino senator on a mission from 
He's an impetuous guitar-strumming card sharp on the 
He's a genetically engineered coffee-fuelled messiah who dotes on his loving old 
He's a fiendish soccer-playing ex-con trapped in a world he never 
He's a shy Jewish vagrant in 
He's a scrappy Jewish farmboy who believes he can never love 
He's a scarfaced shark-wrestling assassin with acid for 
He's a fiendish alcoholic gentleman spy from the '
He's a superhumanly strong chivalrous cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his 
He's a short-sighted chivalrous hairdresser  She's a cynical hypochondriac museum curator with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's 
He's a scrappy day-dreaming rock star who hides his scarred face behind a 
He's a lounge-singing skateboarding cop  She's a high-kicking antique-collecting soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed 
He's a benighted overambitious master criminal who hangs with the wrong 
He's a benighted hunchbacked hairdresser gone 
He's a suave voodoo dog-catcher on his last day in the 
He's an uncontrollable small-town barbarian  She's a high-kicking insomniac femme fatale who don't take no shit from 
He's a hate-fuelled amnesiac assassin living undercover at Ringling 
He's an impetuous ninja cowboy with a passion for fast 
He's a war-weary hunchbacked firefighter fleeing from a secret government 
He's an ungodly misogynist ex-con possessed of the uncanny powers of an 
He's an underprivileged gay matador who dotes on his loving old 
He's a time-tossed skateboarding senator fleeing from a secret government 
He's an all-American chivalrous sorceror searching for his wife's true 
He's a maverick skateboarding hairdresser on the 
He's an unconventional devious master criminal with nothing left to 
1. He's a short-sighted playboy photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
2. He's a bookish drug-addicted farmboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
3. He's an all-American moralistic hairdresser who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
4. He's a genetically engineered alcoholic cat burglar with a secret.
5. He's a superhumanly strong native American paramedic who believes he can never love again.
6. He's a scarfaced albino dwarf who dotes on his loving old ma.
7. He's a witless bohemian Green Beret on the wrong side of the law.
8. He's a globe-trotting zombie jungle king on the wrong side of the law.
9. He's an oversexed bohemian Green Beret with nothing left to lose.
10. He's a world-famous guitar-strumming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme.
11. He's a scrappy ninja cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
12. He's an unconventional overambitious paranormal investigator on a mission from God.
13. He's a maverick moralistic waffle chef fleeing from a secret government programme.
14. He's a genetically engineered ninja messiah on his last day in the job.
15. He's an underprivileged moralistic werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme.
16. He's an impetuous day-dreaming ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
17. He's an obese overambitious boxer from the Mississippi delta.
18. He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on a search for his missing sister.
19. He's a scrappy bohemian gangster whom everyone believes is mad.
20. He's a benighted skateboarding barbarian on a search for his missing sister.
21. He's a Nobel prize-winning soccer-playing gentleman spy from the 'hood.
22. He's an otherworldly crooked cat burglar on his last day in the job.
23. He's a suicidal native American sorceror who must take medication to keep him sane.
24. He's a scrappy albino hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.'
25. He's a benighted arachnophobic vampire hunter on the run.
26. He's a maverick Jewish waffle chef on the run.
27. He's a suicidal misogynist master criminal on the edge.
28. He's an ungodly bohemian vagrant who dotes on his loving old ma.
29. He's a bookish gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer.
30. He's a benighted vegetarian hairdresser from the Mississippi delta.
31. He's a globe-trotting one-eyed cowboy 
32. He's an ungodly crooked cat burglar whom everyone believes is mad.
33. He's an obese sweet-toothed gentleman spy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
34. He's a fiendish drug-addicted astronaut on his last day in the job.
35. He's a notorious Republican firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
36. He's a benighted neurotic shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
37. He's an immortal soccer-playing messiah with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
38. He's a fiendish gay firefighter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
39. He's an ungodly ninja ex-con in a wheelchair.
40. He's a genetically engineered white trash househusband with no name.
41. He's a hate-fuelled gay photographer from a doomed world.
42. He's a jaded small-town rock star on his last day in the job.
43. He's an oversexed small-town assassin with acid for blood.
44. He's a globe-trotting shark-wrestling househusband 
45. He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
46. He's a jaded vegetarian rock star on a mission from God.
47. He's a maverick crooked househusband with a robot buddy named Sparky.
48. He's a scrappy one-eyed gangster from the Mississippi delta.
49. He's an unconventional devious card sharp who hangs with the wrong crowd.
50. He's a scrappy soccer-playing senator on the edge.
He's a gun-slinging day-dreaming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an all-American Amish jungle king for the 21st century. 
He's a time-tossed neurotic card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an ungodly Jewish paranormal investigator for the 21st century. 
He's an all-American devious rock star on the run. 
He's a gun-slinging drug-addicted vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a genetically engineered Catholic assassin haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an old-fashioned umbrella-wielding paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lounge-singing skateboarding inventor haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scarfaced coffee-fuelled dwarf looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking amnesiac astronaut on the edge. 
He's a jaded devious boxer  
He's a leather-clad ninja firefighter searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's an uncontrollable ninja photographer with no name. 
He's a scarfaced Jewish master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic shaman who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed photographer from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong Amish stage actor looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a genetically engineered crooked shaman gone bad. 
He's a globe-trotting ninja senator haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a lounge-singing native American cat burglar looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an impetuous chivalrous jungle king with nothing left to lose. 
He's a jaded albino cop haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a shy playboy cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a shy shark-wrestling cowboy in a wheelchair. 
He's an uncontrollable playboy card sharp with no name. 
He's an old-fashioned ninja romance novelist with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling boxer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling Green Beret from a doomed world. 
He's a witless crooked Green Beret haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an ungodly flyboy sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming paranormal investigator from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an uncontrollable vegetarian dwarf who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a fiendish dishevelled senator with a secret. 
He's a notorious soccer-playing paramedic with a secret. 
He's a leather-clad Amish librarian from the 'hood. 
He's a leather-clad Jewish waffle chef on a mission from God. 
He's an underprivileged misogynist dwarf who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted grifter trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a fiendish neurotic Green Beret whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted librarian possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a jaded voodoo gentleman spy searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a genetically engineered Republican barbarian with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding farmboy from the 'hood. 
He's an old-fashioned Republican card sharp on the edge. 
He's a jaded gay rock star with a secret. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning native American grifter with nothing left to lose. 
He's an oversexed playboy astronaut on his last day in the job. 
He's a lonely pirate werewolf on a mission from God. He's a fast talking day-dreaming gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a scrappy day-dreaming dwarf from the 'hood. 
He's a witless gay waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's an obese flyboy inventor who believes he can never love again. 
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming werewolf on a mission from God. 
He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic vagrant on his last day in the job. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning sweet-toothed vampire hunter on a mission from God. 
He's an otherworldly flyboy librarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an immortal pirate paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a notorious Republican librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a scarfaced white trash romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an underprivileged amnesiac ex-con on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a bookish Jewish werewolf haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed one-eyed boxer with a secret. 
He's an immortal guitar-strumming assassin fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an obese misogynist barbarian on a mission from God. 
He's a bookish zombie jungle king trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a lonely soccer-playing boxer for the 21st century. 
He's an unconventional dishevelled dwarf on the edge. 
He's an uncontrollable neurotic dog-catcher who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a fiendish moralistic hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked photographer searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a deeply religious devious hairdresser with acid for blood. 
He's a globe-trotting misogynist vampire hunter on a mission from God. 
He's an all-American umbrella-wielding dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a suave Republican filmmaker on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian paranormal investigator on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an unconventional dishevelled assassin with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lonely crooked card sharp from the 'hood. 
He's an immortal voodoo rock star on the edge. 
He's a bookish native American romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a notorious gay househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a leather-clad guerilla matador from the 'hood. 
He's a lonely vegetarian senator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a hate-fuelled umbrella-wielding househusband who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an all-American Amish househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town paranormal investigator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an unconventional umbrella-wielding ex-con gone bad. 
He's a jaded hunchbacked vagrant from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an obese misogynist cyborg from a doomed world. 
He's a superhumanly strong Catholic grifter from the 'hood. 
He's an underprivileged ninja gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an otherworldly bohemian dwarf with acid for blood. 
He's a shy soccer-playing gentleman spy with no name. 
He's a one-legged Jewish paramedic from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a maverick drug-addicted paramedic looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fiendish alcoholic shaman fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a leather-clad guitar-strumming romance novelist on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a war-weary vegetarian filmmaker on the edge. 
He's a short-sighted coffee-fuelled astronaut  
He's a hate-fuelled pirate stage actor with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a world-famous bohemian stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a suicidal ninja cowboy from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town sorceror who believes he can never love again. 
He's a world-famous dishevelled barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic gangster gone bad. 
He's a maverick guitar-strumming librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an impetuous albino paranormal investigator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a maverick soccer-playing househusband on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a superhumanly strong pirate vagrant trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a bookish zombie card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave soccer-playing paramedic who believes he can never love again. 
He's a gun-slinging Amish grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding arachnophobic cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy romance novelist in a wheelchair. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked waffle chef on the edge. 
He's a bookish small-town sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's an ungodly vegetarian romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a genetically engineered ninja paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding albino messiah living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave one-eyed assassin living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a suicidal sweet-toothed werewolf searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suicidal moralistic assassin with a secret. 
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an unconventional overambitious librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a world-famous skateboarding hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a leather-clad one-eyed filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a sword-wielding zombie jungle king  
He's a lonely voodoo firefighter in a wheelchair. 
He's a lounge-singing small-town Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American coffee-fuelled assassin for the 21st century. 
He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding senator on the run. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an unconventional flyboy card sharp in a wheelchair. 
He's a short-sighted guitar-strumming romance novelist in drag. 
He's an unconventional Amish sorceror on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled Amish vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an uncontrollable voodoo cat burglar on a mission from God. 
He's a lounge-singing day-dreaming barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a shy arachnophobic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese ninja cowboy from a doomed world. 
He's an underprivileged overambitious stage actor with acid for blood. 
He's a notorious chivalrous waffle chef on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a benighted day-dreaming cop for the 21st century. 
He's a scrappy moralistic ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a short-sighted overambitious librarian gone bad. 
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. 
 an old-fashioned alcoholic ex-con living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a benighted Jewish librarian haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a superhumanly strong arachnophobic paranormal investigator moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a genetically engineered coffee-fuelled photographer in drag
 an immortal shark-wrestling sorceror who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a fiendish Republican Green Beret looking for 'the Big One.
 a one-legged ninja sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
 an unconventional albino romance novelist from the Mississippi delta
 a notorious crooked dwarf on the wrong side of the law
 a scrappy sweet-toothed gangster with a passion for fast cars
 a war-weary white trash firefighter from a doomed world
 a one-legged guerilla boxer whom everyone believes is mad
 a fast talking chivalrous astronaut who believes he can never love again
 a jaded chivalrous boxer in drag
 an otherworldly devious werewolf on his last day in the job
 a one-legged hunchbacked gangster fleeing from a secret government programme
 a gun-slinging soccer-playing ex-con gone bad
 a notorious shark-wrestling senator on the edge
 an oversexed drug-addicted sorceror who dotes on his loving old ma
 a suicidal neurotic photographer from the 'hood
 a superhumanly strong Jewish card sharp with nothing left to lose
 a short-sighted alcoholic paranormal investigator on a search for his missing sister
 a deeply religious bohemian waffle chef from the 'hood
 a witless zombie card sharp from the 'hood
 an otherworldly albino cyborg who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a bookish pirate vampire hunter
 a lonely skateboarding werewolf with a secret
 a lounge-singing ninja photographer on a mission from God
 a genetically engineered white trash senator looking for 'the Big One.
 a witless dishevelled vagrant on the edge
 an underprivileged amnesiac gangster with acid for blood
 a world-famous arachnophobic photographer in drag
 a leather-clad drug-addicted sorceror living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a suave sweet-toothed househusband on the wrong side of the law
 an obese soccer-playing hairdresser on a mission from God
 a fast talking dishevelled senator for the 21st century
 a genetically engineered vegetarian shaman from a doomed world
 a genetically engineered hunchbacked photographer who must take medication to keep him sane
 a war-weary ninja paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a gun-slinging small-town gentleman spy on the edge
 a sword-wielding guitar-strumming shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a globe-trotting day-dreaming matador on the wrong side of the law
 a fast talking amnesiac paranormal investigator with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 an otherworldly drug-addicted dwarf who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 an otherworldly Amish paramedic who hangs with the wrong crowd
 a gun-slinging flyboy paramedic from a doomed world
 a bookish native American werewolf with acid for blood
 a lounge-singing coffee-fuelled astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a fast talking skateboarding assassin on his last day in the job
 a time-tossed gay dog-catcher gone bad
 an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding jungle king on the edge
 an all-American umbrella-wielding card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 an oversexed albino firefighter with nothing left to lose
 a benighted guerilla romance novelist with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
 an oversexed day-dreaming assassin with a secret
 a suave amnesiac firefighter who dotes on his loving old ma
 a lounge-singing amnesiac dog-catcher with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a maverick chivalrous photographer on the edge
 a war-weary pirate boxer who believes he can never love again
 a world-famous voodoo gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a short-sighted zombie sorceror whom everyone believes is mad
 a world-famous umbrella-wielding ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a shy Catholic paramedic on the run
 an underprivileged shark-wrestling stage actor on the edge
 a witless skateboarding matador on a mission from God
 a lonely alcoholic assassin with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a one-legged dishevelled barbarian who must take medication to keep him sane
 a lonely albino cop with a secret
 an immortal neurotic hairdresser on the edge
 a world-famous neurotic astronaut haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a hate-fuelled drug-addicted filmmaker haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a world-famous pirate cop on a mission from God
 a superhumanly strong gay romance novelist who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a gun-slinging arachnophobic househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a bookish amnesiac cat burglar with a passion for fast cars
 a leather-clad misogynist librarian on the run
 a superhumanly strong arachnophobic cop with acid for blood
 a jaded skateboarding jungle king who dotes on his loving old ma
 a superhumanly strong chivalrous sorceror plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an oversexed umbrella-wielding farmboy in drag
 an oversexed overambitious cowboy on a search for his missing sister
 a witless overambitious dwarf who must take medication to keep him sane
 a jaded vegetarian filmmaker looking for 'the Big One.
 a suave hunchbacked cat burglar haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a notorious guitar-strumming paranormal investigator fleeing from a secret government programme
 an otherworldly zombie cop on a mission from God
 a short-sighted small-town senator with a robot buddy named Sparky
 a leather-clad drug-addicted photographer with no name
 a superhumanly strong devious farmboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 an obese gay farmboy with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a maverick hunchbacked gentleman spy from the Mississippi delta
 a suicidal neurotic assassin who must take medication to keep him sane
 a superhumanly strong coffee-fuelled messiah from a doomed world
 an underprivileged overambitious librarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a war-weary pirate paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme
 a lonely vegetarian assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 an oversexed skateboarding messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a witless arachnophobic romance novelist in a wheelchair
 a one-legged bohemian cyborg who must take medication to keep him sane
 a witless gay barbarian gone bad
 an immortal alcoholic astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 an oversexed overambitious messiah looking for 'the Big One.
 an oversexed devious vampire hunter from a doomed world
 a fast talking vegetarian barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd
 a witless neurotic stage actor gone bad
 a suicidal guerilla Green Beret on his last day in the job
 an otherworldly sweet-toothed barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 an otherworldly voodoo senator fleeing from a secret government programme
 a short-sighted voodoo gangster with a secret
 a suicidal flyboy Green Beret in drag
 a lounge-singing devious gangster with a secret
 a one-legged playboy dog-catcher with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 an oversexed Amish farmboy trapped in a world he never made
 a gun-slinging vegetarian jungle king on a search for his missing sister
 a short-sighted albino vampire hunter from the Mississippi delta
 a sword-wielding misogynist stage actor with acid for blood
 a shy devious cat burglar plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an otherworldly playboy dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme
 an otherworldly crooked firefighter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 an oversexed bohemian vampire hunter fleeing from a secret government programme
 a short-sighted guerilla gangster on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
 a notorious amnesiac paramedic looking for 'the Big One.
 an underprivileged day-dreaming gentleman spy on a mission from God
 a world-famous playboy filmmaker on a mission from God
 a notorious gay shaman haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a leather-clad overambitious hairdresser with a robot buddy named Sparky
 a bookish sweet-toothed sorceror gone bad
 a fiendish soccer-playing jungle king on the wrong side of the law
 a maverick chivalrous cat burglar plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an otherworldly playboy cat burglar on a mission from God
 an otherworldly guerilla stage actor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a Nobel prize-winning overambitious messiah on his last day in the job
 an otherworldly skateboarding dog-catcher for the 21st century
 an all-American umbrella-wielding rock star in drag
 a genetically engineered shark-wrestling grifter looking for 'the Big One.
 a leather-clad drug-addicted hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.
 a leather-clad misogynist paranormal investigator with a secret
 an ungodly alcoholic inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a Nobel prize-winning vegetarian waffle chef with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a lounge-singing one-eyed Green Beret with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a short-sighted crooked farmboy on a search for his missing sister
 an impetuous small-town messiah with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
 a short-sighted bohemian hairdresser gone bad
 a maverick overambitious photographer on the wrong side of the law
 a deeply religious soccer-playing firefighter from the 'hood
 a witless playboy farmboy on the run
 a time-tossed hunchbacked farmboy trapped in a world he never made
 an otherworldly pirate matador who must take medication to keep him sane
 an otherworldly Republican Green Beret with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a bookish guitar-strumming cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a bookish soccer-playing dwarf on a search for his missing sister
 an ungodly playboy gangster on the wrong side of the law
 an old-fashioned Catholic inventor with nothing left to lose
 an uncontrollable guitar-strumming dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane
 a time-tossed umbrella-wielding senator with no name
 an uncontrollable sweet-toothed jungle king searching for his wife's true killer
 a lonely dishevelled card sharp who dotes on his loving old ma
 a world-famous arachnophobic sorceror gone bad
 a Nobel prize-winning crooked Green Beret
 a short-sighted shark-wrestling assassin moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a jaded voodoo werewolf on a search for his missing sister
 a scrappy guerilla barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a lounge-singing playboy paramedic in drag
 a fiendish Jewish photographer with nothing left to lose
 a witless zombie master criminal from the 'hood
 a world-famous flyboy cop on a mission from God
 a genetically engineered guitar-strumming master criminal with no name
 an uncontrollable playboy barbarian in drag
 a maverick arachnophobic boxer with a passion for fast cars
 a genetically engineered one-eyed dog-catcher trapped in a world he never made
 a notorious native American cat burglar with nothing left to lose
 a maverick one-eyed cyborg from a doomed world
 a benighted soccer-playing househusband searching for his wife's true killer
 an all-American alcoholic vagrant from the 'hood
 a suave voodoo cat burglar on the edge
 an impetuous misogynist househusband from the Mississippi delta
 a gun-slinging Amish librarian looking for 'the Big One.
 a one-legged soccer-playing paramedic haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a jaded dishevelled househusband on his last day in the job
 a notorious dishevelled firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a war-weary umbrella-wielding dwarf who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a suave neurotic paranormal investigator in drag
 a maverick small-town dwarf who dotes on his loving old ma
 an all-American Jewish ex-con looking for 'the Big One.
 a suicidal gay filmmaker on the run
 an ungodly coffee-fuelled paramedic in drag
 an underprivileged alcoholic photographer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a shy flyboy farmboy in drag
 an oversexed gay romance novelist who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a Nobel prize-winning sweet-toothed sorceror on the edge
 an underprivileged bohemian card sharp in drag
 an impetuous neurotic dog-catcher living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 an oversexed ninja rock star plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an underprivileged neurotic vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a genetically engineered voodoo matador on a search for his missing sister
 a time-tossed white trash cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
 an all-American day-dreaming cyborg with a robot buddy named Sparky
 a fiendish Amish hairdresser living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a war-weary flyboy assassin
 a leather-clad Republican grifter from the Mississippi delta
 a witless hunchbacked househusband in a wheelchair
 a fast talking flyboy grifter with no name
 a time-tossed day-dreaming farmboy gone bad
 a suicidal dishevelled romance novelist on the wrong side of the law
 a globe-trotting Jewish gangster fleeing from a secret government programme
 a Nobel prize-winning misogynist shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a lounge-singing crooked photographer with nothing left to lose
 a war-weary soccer-playing househusband on the run
 a globe-trotting overambitious cyborg searching for his wife's true killer
 an all-American Catholic romance novelist on a mission from God
 an ungodly sweet-toothed sorceror living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a hate-fuelled skateboarding firefighter with acid for blood
 a lonely soccer-playing cowboy trapped in a world he never made
 a scrappy guerilla cowboy who must take medication to keep him sane
 a scarfaced Jewish shaman whom everyone believes is mad
 a superhumanly strong gay vagrant trapped in a world he never made
 an old-fashioned arachnophobic photographer on the run
 a deeply religious albino boxer trapped in a world he never made
 an uncontrollable Jewish paranormal investigator haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 an old-fashioned pirate cat burglar with nothing left to lose
 an obese native American cyborg on his last day in the job
 a one-legged small-town vagrant from the Mississippi delta
 an uncontrollable shark-wrestling inventor trapped in a world he never made
 an old-fashioned hunchbacked cop living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a genetically engineered playboy vampire hunter on a mission from God
 an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding paranormal investigator who dotes on his loving old ma
 an oversexed misogynist paramedic looking for 'the Big One.
 a maverick misogynist werewolf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a Nobel prize-winning overambitious farmboy on the run
 an otherworldly vegetarian filmmaker who must take medication to keep him sane
 a suave coffee-fuelled master criminal in a wheelchair
 a lounge-singing chivalrous senator on a search for his missing sister
 a bookish day-dreaming vampire hunter with no name
 a fast talking albino dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme
 an immortal Amish vagrant looking for 'the Big One.
 a jaded guitar-strumming waffle chef on his last day in the job
 a suicidal crooked photographer with no name
 a bookish coffee-fuelled vampire hunter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a hate-fuelled moralistic card sharp possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
 a jaded albino vagrant on the run
 a benighted neurotic cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
 a lounge-singing flyboy filmmaker moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a sword-wielding crooked boxer whom everyone believes is mad
 a suicidal Catholic werewolf on a mission from God
 a time-tossed umbrella-wielding jungle king on the run
 a maverick ninja senator in drag
 a notorious flyboy waffle chef possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
 a leather-clad Amish romance novelist in a wheelchair
 an uncontrollable skateboarding farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 a benighted gay messiah with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
