He's a war-weary vegetarian filmmaker on the edge. 
He's a short-sighted coffee-fuelled astronaut  
He's a hate-fuelled pirate stage actor with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a world-famous bohemian stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a suicidal ninja cowboy from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town sorceror who believes he can never love again. 
He's a world-famous dishevelled barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic gangster gone bad. 
He's a maverick guitar-strumming librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an impetuous albino paranormal investigator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a maverick soccer-playing househusband on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a superhumanly strong pirate vagrant trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a bookish zombie card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave soccer-playing paramedic who believes he can never love again. 
He's a gun-slinging Amish grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding arachnophobic cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy romance novelist in a wheelchair. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked waffle chef on the edge. 
He's a bookish small-town sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's an ungodly vegetarian romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a genetically engineered ninja paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding albino messiah living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave one-eyed assassin living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a suicidal sweet-toothed werewolf searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suicidal moralistic assassin with a secret. 
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an unconventional overambitious librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a world-famous skateboarding hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a leather-clad one-eyed filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a sword-wielding zombie jungle king  
He's a lonely voodoo firefighter in a wheelchair. 
He's a lounge-singing small-town Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American coffee-fuelled assassin for the 21st century. 
He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding senator on the run. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an unconventional flyboy card sharp in a wheelchair. 
He's a short-sighted guitar-strumming romance novelist in drag. 
He's an unconventional Amish sorceror on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled Amish vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an uncontrollable voodoo cat burglar on a mission from God. 
He's a lounge-singing day-dreaming barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a shy arachnophobic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese ninja cowboy from a doomed world. 
He's an underprivileged overambitious stage actor with acid for blood. 
He's a notorious chivalrous waffle chef on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a benighted day-dreaming cop for the 21st century. 
He's a scrappy moralistic ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a short-sighted overambitious librarian gone bad. 
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. 
 an old-fashioned alcoholic ex-con living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a benighted Jewish librarian haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a superhumanly strong arachnophobic paranormal investigator moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a genetically engineered coffee-fuelled photographer in drag
 an immortal shark-wrestling sorceror who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a fiendish Republican Green Beret looking for 'the Big One.
 a one-legged ninja sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
 an unconventional albino romance novelist from the Mississippi delta
 a notorious crooked dwarf on the wrong side of the law
 a scrappy sweet-toothed gangster with a passion for fast cars
 a war-weary white trash firefighter from a doomed world
 a one-legged guerilla boxer whom everyone believes is mad
 a fast talking chivalrous astronaut who believes he can never love again
 a jaded chivalrous boxer in drag
 an otherworldly devious werewolf on his last day in the job
 a one-legged hunchbacked gangster fleeing from a secret government programme
 a gun-slinging soccer-playing ex-con gone bad
 a notorious shark-wrestling senator on the edge
 an oversexed drug-addicted sorceror who dotes on his loving old ma
 a suicidal neurotic photographer from the 'hood
 a superhumanly strong Jewish card sharp with nothing left to lose
 a short-sighted alcoholic paranormal investigator on a search for his missing sister
 a deeply religious bohemian waffle chef from the 'hood
 a witless zombie card sharp from the 'hood
 an otherworldly albino cyborg who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a bookish pirate vampire hunter
 a lonely skateboarding werewolf with a secret
 a lounge-singing ninja photographer on a mission from God
 a genetically engineered white trash senator looking for 'the Big One.
 a witless dishevelled vagrant on the edge
 an underprivileged amnesiac gangster with acid for blood
 a world-famous arachnophobic photographer in drag
 a leather-clad drug-addicted sorceror living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a suave sweet-toothed househusband on the wrong side of the law
 an obese soccer-playing hairdresser on a mission from God
 a fast talking dishevelled senator for the 21st century
 a genetically engineered vegetarian shaman from a doomed world
 a genetically engineered hunchbacked photographer who must take medication to keep him sane
 a war-weary ninja paranormal investigator who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a gun-slinging small-town gentleman spy on the edge
 a sword-wielding guitar-strumming shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a globe-trotting day-dreaming matador on the wrong side of the law
 a fast talking amnesiac paranormal investigator with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 an otherworldly drug-addicted dwarf who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 an otherworldly Amish paramedic who hangs with the wrong crowd
 a gun-slinging flyboy paramedic from a doomed world
 a bookish native American werewolf with acid for blood
 a lounge-singing coffee-fuelled astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a fast talking skateboarding assassin on his last day in the job
 a time-tossed gay dog-catcher gone bad
 an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding jungle king on the edge
 an all-American umbrella-wielding card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 an oversexed albino firefighter with nothing left to lose
 a benighted guerilla romance novelist with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
 an oversexed day-dreaming assassin with a secret
 a suave amnesiac firefighter who dotes on his loving old ma
 a lounge-singing amnesiac dog-catcher with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a maverick chivalrous photographer on the edge
 a war-weary pirate boxer who believes he can never love again
 a world-famous voodoo gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a short-sighted zombie sorceror whom everyone believes is mad
 a world-famous umbrella-wielding ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a shy Catholic paramedic on the run
 an underprivileged shark-wrestling stage actor on the edge
 a witless skateboarding matador on a mission from God
 a lonely alcoholic assassin with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a one-legged dishevelled barbarian who must take medication to keep him sane
 a lonely albino cop with a secret
 an immortal neurotic hairdresser on the edge
 a world-famous neurotic astronaut haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a hate-fuelled drug-addicted filmmaker haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a world-famous pirate cop on a mission from God
 a superhumanly strong gay romance novelist who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a gun-slinging arachnophobic househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a bookish amnesiac cat burglar with a passion for fast cars
 a leather-clad misogynist librarian on the run
 a superhumanly strong arachnophobic cop with acid for blood
 a jaded skateboarding jungle king who dotes on his loving old ma
 a superhumanly strong chivalrous sorceror plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an oversexed umbrella-wielding farmboy in drag
 an oversexed overambitious cowboy on a search for his missing sister
 a witless overambitious dwarf who must take medication to keep him sane
 a jaded vegetarian filmmaker looking for 'the Big One.
 a suave hunchbacked cat burglar haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a notorious guitar-strumming paranormal investigator fleeing from a secret government programme
 an otherworldly zombie cop on a mission from God
 a short-sighted small-town senator with a robot buddy named Sparky
 a leather-clad drug-addicted photographer with no name
 a superhumanly strong devious farmboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 an obese gay farmboy with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a maverick hunchbacked gentleman spy from the Mississippi delta
 a suicidal neurotic assassin who must take medication to keep him sane
 a superhumanly strong coffee-fuelled messiah from a doomed world
 an underprivileged overambitious librarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a war-weary pirate paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme
 a lonely vegetarian assassin looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 an oversexed skateboarding messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam
 a witless arachnophobic romance novelist in a wheelchair
 a one-legged bohemian cyborg who must take medication to keep him sane
 a witless gay barbarian gone bad
 an immortal alcoholic astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 an oversexed overambitious messiah looking for 'the Big One.
 an oversexed devious vampire hunter from a doomed world
 a fast talking vegetarian barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd
 a witless neurotic stage actor gone bad
 a suicidal guerilla Green Beret on his last day in the job
 an otherworldly sweet-toothed barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 an otherworldly voodoo senator fleeing from a secret government programme
 a short-sighted voodoo gangster with a secret
 a suicidal flyboy Green Beret in drag
 a lounge-singing devious gangster with a secret
 a one-legged playboy dog-catcher with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 an oversexed Amish farmboy trapped in a world he never made
 a gun-slinging vegetarian jungle king on a search for his missing sister
 a short-sighted albino vampire hunter from the Mississippi delta
 a sword-wielding misogynist stage actor with acid for blood
 a shy devious cat burglar plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an otherworldly playboy dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme
 an otherworldly crooked firefighter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 an oversexed bohemian vampire hunter fleeing from a secret government programme
 a short-sighted guerilla gangster on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
 a notorious amnesiac paramedic looking for 'the Big One.
 an underprivileged day-dreaming gentleman spy on a mission from God
 a world-famous playboy filmmaker on a mission from God
 a notorious gay shaman haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a leather-clad overambitious hairdresser with a robot buddy named Sparky
 a bookish sweet-toothed sorceror gone bad
 a fiendish soccer-playing jungle king on the wrong side of the law
 a maverick chivalrous cat burglar plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an otherworldly playboy cat burglar on a mission from God
 an otherworldly guerilla stage actor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a Nobel prize-winning overambitious messiah on his last day in the job
 an otherworldly skateboarding dog-catcher for the 21st century
 an all-American umbrella-wielding rock star in drag
 a genetically engineered shark-wrestling grifter looking for 'the Big One.
 a leather-clad drug-addicted hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.
 a leather-clad misogynist paranormal investigator with a secret
 an ungodly alcoholic inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a Nobel prize-winning vegetarian waffle chef with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a lounge-singing one-eyed Green Beret with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a short-sighted crooked farmboy on a search for his missing sister
 an impetuous small-town messiah with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
 a short-sighted bohemian hairdresser gone bad
 a maverick overambitious photographer on the wrong side of the law
 a deeply religious soccer-playing firefighter from the 'hood
 a witless playboy farmboy on the run
 a time-tossed hunchbacked farmboy trapped in a world he never made
 an otherworldly pirate matador who must take medication to keep him sane
 an otherworldly Republican Green Beret with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
 a bookish guitar-strumming cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a bookish soccer-playing dwarf on a search for his missing sister
 an ungodly playboy gangster on the wrong side of the law
 an old-fashioned Catholic inventor with nothing left to lose
 an uncontrollable guitar-strumming dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane
 a time-tossed umbrella-wielding senator with no name
 an uncontrollable sweet-toothed jungle king searching for his wife's true killer
 a lonely dishevelled card sharp who dotes on his loving old ma
 a world-famous arachnophobic sorceror gone bad
 a Nobel prize-winning crooked Green Beret
 a short-sighted shark-wrestling assassin moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a jaded voodoo werewolf on a search for his missing sister
 a scrappy guerilla barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a lounge-singing playboy paramedic in drag
 a fiendish Jewish photographer with nothing left to lose
 a witless zombie master criminal from the 'hood
 a world-famous flyboy cop on a mission from God
 a genetically engineered guitar-strumming master criminal with no name
 an uncontrollable playboy barbarian in drag
 a maverick arachnophobic boxer with a passion for fast cars
 a genetically engineered one-eyed dog-catcher trapped in a world he never made
 a notorious native American cat burglar with nothing left to lose
 a maverick one-eyed cyborg from a doomed world
 a benighted soccer-playing househusband searching for his wife's true killer
 an all-American alcoholic vagrant from the 'hood
 a suave voodoo cat burglar on the edge
 an impetuous misogynist househusband from the Mississippi delta
 a gun-slinging Amish librarian looking for 'the Big One.
 a one-legged soccer-playing paramedic haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a jaded dishevelled househusband on his last day in the job
 a notorious dishevelled firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a war-weary umbrella-wielding dwarf who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a suave neurotic paranormal investigator in drag
 a maverick small-town dwarf who dotes on his loving old ma
 an all-American Jewish ex-con looking for 'the Big One.
 a suicidal gay filmmaker on the run
 an ungodly coffee-fuelled paramedic in drag
 an underprivileged alcoholic photographer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 a shy flyboy farmboy in drag
 an oversexed gay romance novelist who knows the secret of the alien invasion
 a Nobel prize-winning sweet-toothed sorceror on the edge
 an underprivileged bohemian card sharp in drag
 an impetuous neurotic dog-catcher living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 an oversexed ninja rock star plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
 an underprivileged neurotic vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 a genetically engineered voodoo matador on a search for his missing sister
 a time-tossed white trash cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
 an all-American day-dreaming cyborg with a robot buddy named Sparky
 a fiendish Amish hairdresser living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a war-weary flyboy assassin
 a leather-clad Republican grifter from the Mississippi delta
 a witless hunchbacked househusband in a wheelchair
 a fast talking flyboy grifter with no name
 a time-tossed day-dreaming farmboy gone bad
 a suicidal dishevelled romance novelist on the wrong side of the law
 a globe-trotting Jewish gangster fleeing from a secret government programme
 a Nobel prize-winning misogynist shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask
 a lounge-singing crooked photographer with nothing left to lose
 a war-weary soccer-playing househusband on the run
 a globe-trotting overambitious cyborg searching for his wife's true killer
 an all-American Catholic romance novelist on a mission from God
 an ungodly sweet-toothed sorceror living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a hate-fuelled skateboarding firefighter with acid for blood
 a lonely soccer-playing cowboy trapped in a world he never made
 a scrappy guerilla cowboy who must take medication to keep him sane
 a scarfaced Jewish shaman whom everyone believes is mad
 a superhumanly strong gay vagrant trapped in a world he never made
 an old-fashioned arachnophobic photographer on the run
 a deeply religious albino boxer trapped in a world he never made
 an uncontrollable Jewish paranormal investigator haunted by an iconic dead American confidant
 an old-fashioned pirate cat burglar with nothing left to lose
 an obese native American cyborg on his last day in the job
 a one-legged small-town vagrant from the Mississippi delta
 an uncontrollable shark-wrestling inventor trapped in a world he never made
 an old-fashioned hunchbacked cop living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a genetically engineered playboy vampire hunter on a mission from God
 an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding paranormal investigator who dotes on his loving old ma
 an oversexed misogynist paramedic looking for 'the Big One.
 a maverick misogynist werewolf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a Nobel prize-winning overambitious farmboy on the run
 an otherworldly vegetarian filmmaker who must take medication to keep him sane
 a suave coffee-fuelled master criminal in a wheelchair
 a lounge-singing chivalrous senator on a search for his missing sister
 a bookish day-dreaming vampire hunter with no name
 a fast talking albino dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme
 an immortal Amish vagrant looking for 'the Big One.
 a jaded guitar-strumming waffle chef on his last day in the job
 a suicidal crooked photographer with no name
 a bookish coffee-fuelled vampire hunter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus
 a hate-fuelled moralistic card sharp possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
 a jaded albino vagrant on the run
 a benighted neurotic cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
 a lounge-singing flyboy filmmaker moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
 a sword-wielding crooked boxer whom everyone believes is mad
 a suicidal Catholic werewolf on a mission from God
 a time-tossed umbrella-wielding jungle king on the run
 a maverick ninja senator in drag
 a notorious flyboy waffle chef possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
 a leather-clad Amish romance novelist in a wheelchair
 an uncontrollable skateboarding farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
 a benighted gay messiah with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
